processors/filter-geoip/readme.md, before:

# GEOIP


## Synopsys


|     SETTING      |     TYPE      | REQUIRED | DEFAULT VALUE |
|------------------|---------------|----------|---------------|
| database         | string        | false    | ""            |
| database_type    | string        | false    | ""            |
| refresh_interval | time.Duration | false    |               |
| fields           | array         | false    | []            |
| lru_cache_size   | int64         | false    |             0 |
| source           | string        | true     | ""            |
| tag_on_failure   | array         | false    | []            |
| target           | string        | false    | ""            |
| language         | string        | false    | ""            |


## Details

### database
* Value type is string
* Default value is `""`

Path or URL to the MaxMind GeoIP2 database.
Default value is "http://geolite.maxmind.com/download/geoip/database/GeoLite2-City.mmdb.gz"
Note that URL can point to gzipped database (*.mmdb.gz) but local path must point to an unzipped file.

### database_type
* Value type is string
* Default value is `""`

Type of GeoIP database. Default value is "city"
Must be one of "city", "asn", "isp" or "organization".

### refresh_interval
* Value type is time.Duration
* Default value is ``

GeoIP database refresh interval, in minutes. Default value is 60
If `database` field is a path, file will be reloaded from disk.
If it is an URL, database will be fetched (if ETAG differs) and reloaded.

### fields
* Value type is array
* Default value is `[]`

An array of geoip fields to be included in the event.
Possible fields depend on the database type. By default, all geoip fields are included in the event.

### lru_cache_size
* Value type is int64
* Default value is `0`

Cache size. Default value is 1000

### source
* This is a required setting.
* Value type is string
* Default value is `""`

The field containing the IP address or hostname to map via geoip.

### tag_on_failure
* Value type is array
* Default value is `[]`

Append values to the tags field when there has been no successful match
Default value is ["_geoipparsefailure"]

### target
* Value type is string
* Default value is `""`

Define the target field for placing the parsed data. If this setting is omitted,
the geoip data will be stored at the root (top level) of the event

### language
* Value type is string
* Default value is `""`

Language to use for city/region/continent names



## Configuration blueprint

```
geoip{
	database => ""
	database_type => ""
	refresh_interval => 30
	fields => []
	lru_cache_size => 123
	source => ""
	tag_on_failure => []
	target => ""
	language => ""
}
```

Commit message:

new processor POP3 - usable as input or filter
sinceDB Unit can now handle []byte data
move examples.d to cmd/bitfan
vendoring

processors/filter-geoip/readme.md, after:

# GEOIP
The GeoIP filter adds information about the geographical location of IP addresses,
based on data from the Maxmind GeoLite2 databases

This processor use a GeoLite2 City database. From Maxmind’s description — "GeoLite2 databases are free IP geolocation databases comparable to, but less accurate than, MaxMind’s GeoIP2 databases". Please see GeoIP Lite2 license for more details.
Databae is not bundled in the processor,  you can download directly from Maxmind’s website and use the
database option to specify their location. The GeoLite2 databases can be downloaded from https://dev.maxmind.com/geoip/geoip2/geolite2.

## Synopsys


|     SETTING      |     TYPE      | REQUIRED |                               DEFAULT VALUE                                |
|------------------|---------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| database         | string        | false    | "http://geolite.maxmind.com/download/geoip/database/GeoLite2-City.mmdb.gz" |
| database_type    | string        | false    | ""                                                                         |
| refresh_interval | time.Duration | false    |                                                                            |
| fields           | array         | false    | []                                                                         |
| lru_cache_size   | int64         | false    |                                                                          0 |
| source           | string        | true     | ""                                                                         |
| tag_on_failure   | array         | false    | []                                                                         |
| target           | string        | false    | ""                                                                         |
| language         | string        | false    | ""                                                                         |


## Details

### database
* Value type is string
* Default value is `"http://geolite.maxmind.com/download/geoip/database/GeoLite2-City.mmdb.gz"`

Path or URL to the MaxMind GeoIP2 database.
Default value is "http://geolite.maxmind.com/download/geoip/database/GeoLite2-City.mmdb.gz"
Note that URL can point to gzipped database (*.mmdb.gz) but local path must point to an unzipped file.

### database_type
* Value type is string
* Default value is `""`

Type of GeoIP database. Default value is "city"
Must be one of "city", "asn", "isp" or "organization".

### refresh_interval
* Value type is time.Duration
* Default value is ``

GeoIP database refresh interval, in minutes. Default value is 60
If `database` field is a path, file will be reloaded from disk.
If it is an URL, database will be fetched (if ETAG differs) and reloaded.

### fields
* Value type is array
* Default value is `[]`

An array of geoip fields to be included in the event.
Possible fields depend on the database type. By default, all geoip fields are included in the event.

### lru_cache_size
* Value type is int64
* Default value is `0`

Cache size. Default value is 1000

### source
* This is a required setting.
* Value type is string
* Default value is `""`

The field containing the IP address or hostname to map via geoip.

### tag_on_failure
* Value type is array
* Default value is `[]`

Append values to the tags field when there has been no successful match
Default value is ["_geoipparsefailure"]

### target
* Value type is string
* Default value is `""`

Define the target field for placing the parsed data. If this setting is omitted,
the geoip data will be stored at the root (top level) of the event

### language
* Value type is string
* Default value is `""`

Language to use for city/region/continent names



## Configuration blueprint

```
geoip{
	database => "http://geolite.maxmind.com/download/geoip/database/GeoLite2-City.mmdb.gz"
	database_type => ""
	refresh_interval => 30
	fields => []
	lru_cache_size => 123
	source => ""
	tag_on_failure => []
	target => ""
	language => ""
}
```
